Australia coach Tony Popovic shared his thoughts on a referee after Friday's 2-0 loss to the U.S. in Seattle. "I think today was, I wouldn’t say the best day for the referee," Popovic told reporters after the game. A controversial moment came when the Americans appeared to score their second goal. The play was initially called back for offside, but after a VAR review, officials determined the goal was valid and let it stand. WATCH THE WORLD CUP FINAL ON FOX ONE The U.S. found the back of the net at the end of the 43rd minute after a free kick was stopped, and then Alex Freeman, the son of former NFL player Antonio Freeman, headed a ball in. The score was immediately protested by the Australians, who felt their goalkeeper had been impeded or there was an offside. After a VAR review, the call stood, and the goal was awarded. Tensions boiled over late in the match when a physical altercation broke out. Australia's Harry Souttar grabbed the USA's Folarin Balogun in what commentators described as a "rear naked choke." Zwayer regained control by issuing yellow cards to Balogun, Souttar and Australia's Jacob Italiano. Australia received four yellow cards, while the U.S. received three. Popovic was seen approaching German match official Felix Zwayer after the game, with urgency. FOX ONE’S NEW WORLD CUP VIEWING EXPERIENCE Zwayer also pulled up with a cramp towards the end of the USA’s win. The German official, 45, required help from both the USA’s Folarin Balogun and Australia's Aiden O'Neill, who stretched out his left leg after Zwayer fell to the turf. Still, the manager did give credit to the Americans and admitted his players looked "sluggish" on Friday. "I don't know if it's the occasion, but we looked sluggish, heavy-legged ... They won every duel, they won every second ball and when you do that, it makes it very difficult to gain any momentum. And then we conceded two soft goals," he said. "When you think, you know, this noise here — host nation — I think the players show how good they are in the second half, but obviously at this level, you can't give away that much in the first." CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP With its 2-0 record, the United States is in first place with six points, while Australia remains with three and in second place. Both Paraguay and Turkey, who face off on Friday to potentially determine the USA's group fate, are winless with zero points. The United States would clinch a Group D victory, and a favorable draw in the Round of 32, if Paraguay either beats or ties with Turkey — that game kicks off at 11 p.m. ET.